Minor typos (#32986)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/architecture/proxy.mdx

h1: Teleport Identity-Aware Proxy Service
---

> Teleport Proxy is an identity-aware proxy, with a web UI. Here are Proxy's key features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Teleport Proxy Service is an identity-aware proxy with a web UI. The Teleport Proxy Service provide the following key features:
```
Nit: I think this is the current naming convention.
